hey guys in this date no risk-free
required and it is Cinco DeMayo so what
we're gonna do is celebrate with a
little bit of tacos barbacoa now
traditionally this is a really complex
or estimate it's where the word barbecue
comes from we're gonna we're not going
to go traditional and put it in a pit
wrap and leaves all that craziness we're
just going to sear off some short ribs
which is my favorite cut for one of them
for these beef barbecue is the meat
I mean it becomes so tender and
succulent super flavorful I'm gonna sear
it off but most of the work is going to
be done in the slow cooker which makes
it super easy put it in your walk away a
few hours you're all good and done today
I'm combining with a few of my taste
made partners we're all doing kind of
these Cinco DeMayo recipes look through
them I'm gonna link to them and I'm sure
you're gonna find some other great
recipes for parties for just a family
night at home hey even if you just want
to pop open a few margaritas or write
down a few margaritas and cook some of
these up I think you're gonna have an
awesome time let's go ahead and get
started okay let's get started on our
beef barbacoa tacos I've got a pan here
over high heat use a couple different
cuts of meat I'm using some boneless
short rib seasoned really well
and I'm gonna start the recipe by
actually searing them off in a pan now
barbacoa that's what a barbecue comes
from this is gonna help give our top
guns a little bit of that charred flavor
if you want think in that extra step go
ahead and do this on the grill and just
use a super hot grill get it nice and
charred if you want to skip this step
go ahead and do that to the still turn
out okay just a little bit different you
want to get
everything Brown nice and dark don't
touch it for a couple minutes all sides
then we'll come back around throw
everything in a slow cooker so I've got
our meat browning and while that happens
I'm just gonna quickly quickly quickly
char off a pasilla pepper that I cut in
half and decedent I'm not looking to get
this like all the skin blackened or
anything like that I just want a couple
dark spots on it again eight it's the
kind of barbecue flavor that I'm trying
to go for here it will take about two
minutes or so to get there and then I'm
going to do is essentially the same
thing I've done a dried ancho chili here
actually I've got three so I'm just
gonna give this a little bit of heat you
know literally like ten seconds on each
side right over the flame that's gonna
release some of those oils and help the
help the pepper really kind of flavor
our our sauce in the slow cooker ribs so
I'm moving in batches but let me show
you what we're looking at this nice
golden brown color that's what we're
trying to get to that's gonna add super
rich deep dark flavors to our barbacoa
let me let me finish up and then we're
gonna move everything into the slow
cooker okay so we've got our slow cooker
set up now if you want to do this in
like a Dutch oven on the stove you
absolutely can we've got that pasilla
pepper that we just barely roasted like
you can see see just a touch a little
bit of char you definitely don't want it
all black I've got the ancho's that we
threw out there as well toss them in
whole no big deal I've got a yellow
onion and about five cloves of garlic
that I just crushed down you don't need
to be too fancy I've got two cans of
fire roasted tomatoes this is what one
pound cans and that fire roasted it's
another way to get you know kind of that
charred flavor in there I got half a
lime will give it a little squeeze there
this limes got like no juice got a
little bit in there a little bit of mr.
shuester Shia a touch of honey which i
think is really nice a little sweetness
on there maybe two tablespoons and then
for spices I'm using about a teaspoon a
heavy teaspoon of oregano and if I can
find it my cumin probably
tablespoons of cumin you don't want to
be shy there but then finally all that
wonderful pan drippings from the from
the short rib I just threw some chicken
stock in the pan deglaze it picked up
all of that yummy flavor and then we've
got our short rib pieces which I'm just
gonna add back to the pan and I will do
it fast now I'm gonna add a little bit
more water in here because you want it
about half way fill half way up the meat
with liquid and this will all kind of
melt down over the next few hours we're
gonna let it go on low should be just
kind of barely simmering for about three
hours and this meat is gonna go from
super tough and and chewy right now to
super super tender succulent all those
flavors will infuse it's gonna be
absolutely awesome so depending on the
thickness or the size of the chunks of
beef that you got then we'll take like
three to six hours or so until it
becomes just fork tender and you can
easily break it apart like that so yummy
functions absolutely delicious
go ahead let the pieces rest kind of big
pieces like that for 10 or 15 minutes
before you do this and then just pull it
apart gently that's gonna be our taco
filling as as you wait you can reduce
down some of that braising liquid and
use that frankly as a sauce for the
tacos that would be absolutely awesome
okay let's go ahead and finish up the
Cinco DeMayo barbacoa tacos I've got my
shredded meat here this like I said I
reduced down some of that braising
liquid a little extra flavor there is
gonna make this absolutely awesome I
don't really want the meat think of it
like a salad dressing you don't want
swimming in that sauce you just want a
little bit extra flavor there season or
taste it one more time before you before
you serve it up
this one goes right on for salt and
pepper lay a nice hefty dose I have
three warmed flour or corn tortillas
here we pile that meat nice and high and
then you know toppings use whatever you
want I'm gonna go
a little bit I can't resist I gotta eat
that low Oh peace oh you could a guy out
here right on the Sun let it overflow I
like serving on a board like this
sometimes do you can be pretty cool make
a whole bunch bring them all out to the
party and then why not I got a little
bit of guacamole on there to this
absolutely pleasure cooking for you guys
I'm sick in a mile I hope you give these
tacos a try and I'll see you next time
I'm never a spirit choir